
- wake up tracker

when choosing a date, default should be the current day. same for the hour.

between the graph and the add wake up time box, add buttons or for choosing the month. make the graph show only the month choosen. default of when open this mini app - is to choose the current month. the graph should span for all 30 days of the month, even if it is filled only partially. the buttons style should be like the "day week month" in the design lab. the label should be like "Jan" "Feb" , no mention for the year. between decemnber nd januar - add a button of the year. like: "Dec" "2026" "Jan". if choosing year button - show the whole year. the available buttons will be - from the first one relevant to the dataset, to the one of today. the buttons can take bigger space of the actual screen - so make it scrollable right left. i also want the leftmost button to be "All", which will show a graph of like it is done right now - first input to last input span. 

add an option to choose the highest y value of the graph. meaning that if the user chose for example 12:25 - the highest point that can be shown on the graph will be that hour. inputs inserted that are higher than this - the point of them will be shown on the highest point, 12:25 in the prev example, even if it doesnt really matches the actual data set. 



- design lab

add more boxes styles.




- reps tracker

add exercise box, move it to the top, and remove the header of "Ass exercies", the box itself wiith the input place in it is self explainatory.

when adding new, insert it to the top, currently it goes to the bottom.

up and down buttons, currently it is to the right to the header. i want it to be below the reps number indicatior.

remove the "reps" text above the number of the reps.





- general

add another color theme that will be darker than the current ones.

readme file, update it with a minimal content about the app and mini apps, and also section of how to actually deploy the app (sending it to the expo website to compile it and make it available for installing on my phone). for starting the app locally use the npx expo start option, and mention  the cd command before to the expo-app.